blog post: Servo and the Web Platform Tests (#105)
servo/servo.org: about.md

Since its creation in 2012, Servo has contributed to W3C and WHATWG web standards, reporting specification issues and submitting new cross-browser automated tests, and core team members have co-edited new standards that have been adopted by other browsers. As a result, the Servo project helps drive the entire web platform forward, while building on a platform of reusable, modular technologies that implement web standards.

## WPT progress

<iframe src="https://wpt.servo.org/?embed" scrolling="no" style="width: 100%; height: 411px;"></iframe>

> 

Reviewer: I think we need to add some kind of short paragraph about what is this. We could even have a `servo.org/wpt` page under *About* (like *Governance*) and have there an explanation, the chart embedded, and links to wpt.servo.org and wpt.fyi with Servo information. WDYT?

Author: done in af6ce1d89224e2fa57ec537b21ad1cb32a2a779b, though i think having it on the same page is ok for now :)

Since its creation in 2012, Servo has contributed to W3C and WHATWG web standards, reporting specification issues and submitting new cross-browser automated tests, and core team members have co-edited new standards that have been adopted by other browsers. As a result, the Servo project helps drive the entire web platform forward, while building on a platform of reusable, modular technologies that implement web standards.

> ## WPT pass rates

Reviewer: I'd put this section after "Roadmap" at least, but maybe it's just me. A suggestion anyway.

Author: done in 449f674274161342ed408442520f5b4a60274228

> The chart below tracks our pass rates in several *focus areas* of the [Web Platform Tests](http://web-platform-tests.org/), as well as the whole CSS and WPT test suites. To drill down the pass rates under a focus area, see the [Servo runs on wpt.fyi](https://wpt.fyi/runs?label=master&product=servo), or for more details and [legacy layout](/blog/2023/04/13/layout-2013-vs-2020/) scores, see our full WPT dashboard at [wpt.servo.org](https://wpt.servo.org).

Reviewer: I thinking linking to results is easier to understand:

```suggestion
The chart below tracks our pass rates in several *focus areas* of the [Web Platform Tests](http://web-platform-tests.org/), as well as the whole CSS and WPT test suites. To drill down the pass rates under a focus area, see the [Servo results on wpt.fyi](https://wpt.fyi/results/?label=master&label=experimental&product=servo), or for more details and [legacy layout](/blog/2023/04/13/layout-2013-vs-2020/) scores, see our full WPT dashboard at [wpt.servo.org](https://wpt.servo.org).
```

Author: done in 09f1a75585e40d74cb0d1bb6adcd285dc072da70
